I'm Brian I'm Spencer I'm will today we
are going to show you our train safety
video okay number one never walk on the
rails because you never knew know when
you're going to switch the rails so real
it over there those all over there over
here never knew we're just gonna flip
trap
oh okay you never out Wow okay that hurt
we didn't even know the train will be
going today will where to go come under
the Train oh okay okay
well that's gotta hurt whoa oh gosh
as you can see he's under the Train
right there
but we're Center Inlet
we'll just keep the camera on will oh
wow that really hurt guys that really
hurts what happened I fell it's really
hurt I fell I fell it really hurt but
where's Brian I have no idea where Brian
is there's some guy right there let's go
check on him
dude are you all right yes
I dropped my snowflake like that's nice
that's not my stuff like what the heck
happened you hit that train now as you
can see the other two people thrown
inside line I'm a person who fell down
the mountain where's Brian
I will never know hello find him someday
what is he under the trade no the only
person under the trees will so work of
Brian Pete Oh a thumb burn he's right
over there
uh-huh okay as you know people are
thrown inside of the line but that is
not the end of the train safety video we
should get out of the way is all the
train get back on the track since I
one day later okay we get out off the
train tracks yeah you're right we should
okay number two never drive on the rails
this could happen never to drop on the
rails this could happen serious damage
we yeah Oh God
you stay I booth in the back of that car
with the train oh no something's wrong
with the Train
I'm taking this car with flip I'm glad
that doesn't happen again they stuck
again okay the guy is luckily alright
okay that's all we have for today
oh so that's all we have for today but
the other three reasons why you should
never plan on the rails will be in a
couple days
bye bye